com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordPageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordPageBinding
com/example/myapplication1/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.myapplication1.DatabaseHelper
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentSoundsBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentSoundsBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityRegistrationPage2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityRegistrationPage2Binding
com/example/myapplication1/AccountFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.AccountFragment
 com.example.myapplication1.AccountFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication1.AccountFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication1.AccountFragment$3
com/example/myapplication1/WaterTracker.java
 com.example.myapplication1.WaterTracker
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentFirst2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentFirst2Binding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentBackUpBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentBackUpBinding
com/example/myapplication1/Second2Fragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Second2Fragment
 com.example.myapplication1.Second2Fragment$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityBmicalculationBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityBmicalculationBinding
com/example/myapplication1/HeaderActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication1.HeaderActivity
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityResetPageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityResetPageBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/HeaderBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.HeaderBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityHeaderBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityBmiBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityBmiBinding
com/example/myapplication1/ForgotPasswordPage.java
 com.example.myapplication1.ForgotPasswordPage
 com.example.myapplication1.ForgotPasswordPage$1
com/example/myapplication1/HelpFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.HelpFragment
com/example/myapplication1/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication1.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityDeleteAccount2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityDeleteAccount2Binding
com/example/myapplication1/BMI.java
 com.example.myapplication1.BMI
 com.example.myapplication1.BMI$1
 com.example.myapplication1.BMI$2
 com.example.myapplication1.BMI$3
com/example/myapplication1/SoundsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.SoundsFragment
 com.example.myapplication1.SoundsFragment$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityCreatenewnotebookBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityCreatenewnotebookBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityCalendarBinding
com/example/myapplication1/Calendar.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Calendar
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityHomepageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityHomepageBinding
com/example/myapplication1/Permissions.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Permissions
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentAccount2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentAccount2Binding
com/example/myapplication1/ThemesFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.ThemesFragment
 com.example.myapplication1.ThemesFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication1.ThemesFragment$2
com/example/myapplication1/ResetPage.java
 com.example.myapplication1.ResetPage
 com.example.myapplication1.ResetPage$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentSecond2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentSecond2Binding
com/example/myapplication1/DeleteAccount.java
 com.example.myapplication1.DeleteAccount
 com.example.myapplication1.DeleteAccount$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentThemesBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentThemesBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityWaterTrackerBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityWaterTrackerBinding
com/example/myapplication1/Homepage.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Homepage
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/DialogAddcourseBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.DialogAddcourseBinding
com/example/myapplication1/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.FirstFragment
 com.example.myapplication1.FirstFragment$1
com/example/myapplication1/Notebook.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Notebook
 com.example.myapplication1.Notebook$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentHelpBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentHelpBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/NotebooklayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.NotebooklayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication1/BackUpFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.BackUpFragment
com/example/myapplication1/Timetable.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Timetable
com/example/myapplication1/Createnewnotebook.java
 com.example.myapplication1.Createnewnotebook
 com.example.myapplication1.Createnewnotebook$1
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityNotebookBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityNotebookBinding
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/myapplication1/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication1.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication1.MainActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication1.MainActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication1.MainActivity$3
com/example/myapplication1/First2Fragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.First2Fragment
 com.example.myapplication1.First2Fragment$1
com/example/myapplication1/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication1.SecondFragment
 com.example.myapplication1.SecondFragment$1
com/example/myapplication1/bmicalculation.java
 com.example.myapplication1.bmicalculation
 com.example.myapplication1.bmicalculation$1
com/example/myapplication1/RegistrationPage.java
 com.example.myapplication1.RegistrationPage
 com.example.myapplication1.RegistrationPage$1
 com.example.myapplication1.RegistrationPage$2
com/example/myapplication1/databinding/ActivityTimetableBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication1.databinding.ActivityTimetableBinding
